docs: update readme (#46)
Open-Attestation/decentralized-renderer-react-template: README.md

# React Template

> This is a React boilerplate to write the decentralize renderer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a React boilerplate to create a decentralized renderer.
```

Author: updated

## Code organization and development

- The `index.ts` file contains the logic to communicate with the host embedding your renderer. You might not need to update this file.
- The template registry configuration is located in the `src/templates/index.tsx` file.

> - Templates are located in the `src/templates` folder. You can add as many template as required and structure the code accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Templates are located in the `src/templates` folder. You can add as many templates as required and structure the code accordingly.
```

Author: updated to plural form

- [**Storybook**](https://storybook.js.org/) - A tool for developing UI components in isolation with documentation
- [**Webpack**](https://webpack.js.org/) - A component bundler

## Uninstallation

### Removing emotion

To uninstall `npm` packages with emotions, use the command below:

```sh
$ npm uninstall @emotion/core @emotion/styled @emotion/babel-preset-css-prop
```

- The uninstallation process will remove `@emotion/babel-preset-css-prop` from Babel presets (configuration is made in the `package.json` file).
- It will remove `@emotion/core` from TypeScript configuration (in the `tsconfig.json` file).
- It will also remove `.storybook/webpack.config.js` (a file created only for emotion CSS property support in storybook).

### Removing examples

To uninstall `npm` packages with examples, use the command below:

```sh
$ npm uninstall qrcode.react @types/qrcode.react
```

- The uninstallation process will remove the `examples` folder completely.
- It will remove line 5 with the `../example` context from `.storybook/config.js`, so that the storybook won't look for example files.

## License

> The React template for the decentralized renderer is under the GPL-3.0 license.

Reviewer: Yes can we update this to `Apache 2.0 license`?

Author: Yes
